FORUM RUNNER LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Software License Agreement ("Agreement") is made and effective between End
of Time Studios, LLC ("Developer") and the forum owner ("Licensee").

Developer has developed and licenses to users its software program marketed
under the name Forum Runner (the "Software").

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises set forth herein,
Developer and Licensee agree as follows:

1. License.
Developer hereby grants to Licensee a perpetual, non-exclusive, limited license
to use the Software as set forth in this Agreement.

2. Restrictions.
Licensee shall not modify, copy, duplicate, reproduce, license or sublicense
the Software, or transfer or convey the Software or any right in the Software
to anyone else without the prior written consent of Developer.

3. Multiple Copies
Licensee is authorized to run multiple instances of the Software provided that
each instance is fully registered using the instructions at
http://www.forumrunner.com?p=register.  Each instance contains a unique site
identification number which must be installed properly or else the Forum Runner
push software will not function for the forum.

4. Warranty Disclaimer.
DEVELOPER'S WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE EXCLUSIVE AND ARE IN
LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

5. Limitation of Liability.
Developer shall not be responsible for, and shall not pay, any amount of
incidental, consequential or other indirect damages, whether based on lost
revenue or otherwise, regardless of whether Developer was advised of the
possibility of such losses in advance. In no event shall Developer's liability
hereunder exceed the amount of license fees paid by Licensee, regardless of
whether Licensee's claim is based on contract, tort, strict liability, product
liability or otherwise.

6. Severability.
If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement, including all of the
remaining terms, will remain in full force and effect as if such invalid or
unenforceable term had never been included.

A portion of the source code distributed in the Forum Runner installation is
owned and copyrighted by JelSoft Enterprises.  This distribution is part of the
vBulletin Mod (add-on) distribution.  This Software must not be used in any
vBulletin installation that is not fully compliant with JelSoft's licensing
agreements.  Do not run this software on illegal copies of JelSoft vBulletin.
If a forum is listed in the Forum Runner database and it is found to be in
violation of JelSoft license agreements, it will be removed permanently from
the database.

FORUM RUNNER BRANDING LICENSE

The following only applies if you have purchased a license for the branded
version of Forum Runner.

All software provided by End of Time Studios, LLC (Owners of Forum Runner) is
the property of End of Time Studios, LLC. No modifications are allowed to the
base add-on code without explicit permission from End of Time Studios, LLC. We
reserve the right to remove any apps created by End of Time Studios, LLC from
the app store for any reason, with the sole remedy being a refund of a prorated
amount of the license fee for the amount of time left in the contract. All
license fees are non-refundable except for the case stated in the previous
sentence. If Apple removes the app for any reason, we will do our best to work
with them to remedy the situation but if Apple refuses to list the app due to
content violations or some other unforeseen reason, the only recourse will be a
refund of a prorated amount of the license fee for the amount of time left in
the contract. End of Time Studios, LLC and Forum Runner reserve the right to
use your forum name in marketing materials (websites, flyers, forum postings,
etc). End of Time Software, LLC reserves the right to publish your forum in the
main Forum Runner directory so users who have purchased the full version of
Forum Runner can access your forum. While we extensively test our software, End
of Time Studios, LLC will not be held responsible for any damages done by the
add-on due to unforeseen conflicts with add-ons installed on existing forums or
any other unforeseen situations. We work diligently with forum owners to get
the add-on to work on the multitude of forum installations we encounter. 

The most recent version of this document can always be found online at
http://www.forumrunner.com/license.txt
